docs: S3 lifecycle policies (#2594)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/appendixes/object_stores.md

        [...]
```

### S3 lifecycle policy

> Barman writes objects to S3, then does not update them until they are deleted by the Barman retention policy. A recommended approach for an S3 lifecycle policy is to expire the current version of objects a few days longer than the Barman retention policy, enable object versioning, and expire non-current versions after a number of days. Such a policy protects against accidental deletion, and also allows for restricting permissions to the CNPG workload so that it may delete objects from S3 without granting permissions to permanently delete objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Barman Cloud writes objects to S3, then does not update them until they are
deleted by the Barman Cloud retention policy. A recommended approach for an S3
lifecycle policy is to expire the current version of objects a few days longer
than the Barman retention policy, enable object versioning, and expire
non-current versions after a number of days. Such a policy protects against
accidental deletion, and also allows for restricting permissions to the
CloudNativePG workload so that it may delete objects from S3 without granting
permissions to permanently delete objects.
```
